# Problem-Solving
 Introduction
   COVID-19 is the infectious coronavirus pandemic caused by Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)(1). SARS-CoV-2's receptor binding domain (RBD) is integral in the contagiousness of COVID-19. The SARS-CoV-2 RBD is typified by its ability to fuse, attach and gain viral entry into host cells(2). The RBD is capable of doing this because it is located on the Spike glycoprotein. The Spike glycoprotein is what regulates fusion to the host membrane, and releases the virus to the cytoplasm using  intracellular receptors(3). The C-terminal domain in SARS-CoV-2, is where the cleaved RBD is synthesized as a pro-peptide(4). The cleavage site causes the formation of the S1 subunit and the S2 subunit. To learn more about the significance of the variability of the RBD, I performed an analysis on the sequence by means of literature mining, and several bioinformatics websites, libraries and tools.

Conclusion
There is a functional significance in the variation between the receptor binding domain, and the other sequences in the NCBI BLAST database I invoked over the web. The research and assembly of information on these differences is useful, because understandings about variability could allow researchers to improve the development of drug targets for COVID-19. These vaccines could use inhibitors that target the receptor binding domain and SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) glycoprotein to facilitate the disruption of viral release into the host cell. Through the analysis of the NCBI BLAST database sequences, I gathered that the viral progenies and specific immunity are predicated on the variability of the receptor binding domain and surface glycoproteins within the signal transduction cascades, for example. Another finding of my research, is that an aspect which stimulates the highly infectious nature of SARS-CoV-2 is the variability in conformational propensity of the receptor binding domain. 

The next steps would be to observe how to weaken both the conformational integrity and flexibility of the receptor binding domain and S glycoprotein, since it contributes to the heightened transmission rates of COVID-19. One notable take away from my research, is that C1, which is the closed state where the dominant S glycoprotein binds to ACE2 through the receptor binding domain, is responsible for the biologically "tight" assembly of some of the SARS-CoV-2 Spike glycoproteins. I hypothesize that a practical strategy would be to block the Spike glycoprotein and ACE2 interaction to prevent SARS-CoV-2 entry into target cells. 
